[@now/static] Add instructions for publishing a subfolder and routing (#944)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/static-now-static.mdx

You can see the resulting deployment in action here: <https://builds-deployment-2d7eouze2.now.sh>

> You can also publish a subfolder of your project folder statically. Let's say you have your built output in a subfolder called `public`. You can pubish it using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also publish a subfolder of static files and rewrite the route to appear at the root of the deployment. For example, a static folder called `public` might contain `.css` files. Use the following to deploy the `public` folder contents recursively:
```

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "builds": [

>     { "src": "./public/**", "use": "@now/static" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    { "src": "public/**", "use": "@now/static" }
```

  ],
  "routes": [
    { "src": "/(.*)", "dest": "public/$1" }
  ]
}
```

> The `routes` entry above is required in order to ensure all requests are handled using the contents of the published subfolder. The [Routes documentation](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/routes/) has more information on routing configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without the `routes` entry above, the static CSS files would be located at `/public/style.css` instead of the expected`/style.css`. This route rewrite above uses a regular express to capture wildcard path and route to the matching file inside the `public` directory. The [Routes documentation](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/routes/) has more information on routing configuration.
```
